Patient: Hello?
Doctor: Hello?
Doctor: Hello? I can hear you, can you hear me? . Excellent, just before I go any further, can you confirm your name and your age, please?
Patient: Hi. Can you hear me?
Patient: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Patient: Uh, yeah. My name is Jessica Smith, and I'm nineteen years old.
Doctor: OK. And how can I help you Mrs Smith?
Patient: Um, yeah so uh, I mean this is, this is a bit embarrassing, but it's, it's uh, hurting when I, , when I use the bathroom, when I pee. And um, it's been going on for a few days, so I'm a, I'm a little bit worried about it. Uh, not sure what to do.
Doctor: Right, well , I, thank you for coming in, so hopefully we can help with your symptoms. Um, so you mentioned it started a few days ago. Um, so, can you tell me a bit more about that, what kind of pain it is, that you're experiencing?
Patient: Um, it's, it's not too bad, it's sort of like a stinging kind of pain. Um.
Patient: It's not like unbearable, but uh, it's , it's definitely uh, it definitely bothers me when I pee. Um.
Patient: And uh, yeah I also maybe sometimes get some like, pain kind of lower down in my tummy, when I, when I go to the bathroom. Uh, yeah.
Doctor: 
Doctor: , OK. And, and, uh, the pain in your tummy, is it, can you describe the , the pain to me? Is it cramping, burning, sharp?
Patient: , yeah, I don't know maybe uh, sort of, sort of cramping. I'm not really sure, but it's not like, it's not like cramping like when I get, when I have a period or something. It's like, I don't know, .
Doctor: Right, right, OK, OK. Um, fine. And, have you found yourself going to the toilet more often than normal?
Patient: Um, not, I don't think so, I haven't noticed that.
Doctor: No, OK, fine. Have you noticed any, any funny colour to your urine? So, has there been, uh, , any blood in your urine? Have you noticed any other darkening of urine?
Patient: Um, there was a little bit of blood earlier today, um, but besides that, not at all, no. Um.
Patient: It does kind of, it, it kind of like, doesn't smell very, it smells a bit weird I guess, um, but, no, not really anything uh, anything drastic.
Doctor: Yes.
Doctor: 
Doctor: OK, fine, OK. Um, right, let me just , write a few notes down as well. Um.
Doctor: , and you mentioned a tummy pain, that also started a few days ago. Does the pain move anywhere else? Does it move towards the back, or towards your flank, the sides?
Patient: No, not really, no.
Doctor: No, OK, fine. With those symptoms, have you noticed any other symptoms like nausea, vomiting?
Patient: Uh, no, not , not at all.
Doctor: OK. Any fevers, or temperatures?
Patient: think so.
Doctor: , sorry, was there any, any fevers or temperatures? Sorry, I didn't hear you.
Patient: No, no, no fever, no.
Doctor: No fever, OK, fine, sorry. Um, OK. Um, in terms of your bowel, are your bowels working OK?
Patient: Um, uh, I think so, yeah, it seems .
Doctor: So, uh, by that I mean, um, any, any diarrhoea, loose stool?
Patient: Uh, no, not that I've, not that I've noticed at all.
Doctor: OK, all right. And um, Jessica, sometimes we have to ask very private sensitive questions, uh, just to , get a full history. Um, hope you don't mind me asking, but are you currently sexually active?
Patient: 
Patient: Uh, yeah I am.
Doctor: OK, is that with a regular, partner?
Patient: Ohh, yeah, so I, I've had a boyfriend for about a, a couple of months now, yeah.
Doctor: Fine, OK. Um, have you noticed any other discharge from, from down below?
Patient: I haven't noticed anything.
Doctor: No, OK. When was your last um, uh, last STD screen? If, if ever?
Patient: 
Patient: Don't think I've ever, I don't think I've ever had one.
Doctor: No, OK, fine. And, and um.
Doctor: Do you use any form of contraception, at all?
Patient: Uh, yeah, we use condoms.
Doctor: You use condoms, OK. And when was your last, period?
Patient: Uh, couple of weeks ago.
Doctor: Three weeks ago, OK. Is there any chance you could be pregnant perhaps?
Patient: Say again.
Doctor: Is there any chance you could be pregnant?
Patient: Uh, I don't think so, I don't.
Doctor: No, no. , it's always worth asking uh, young females like yourself, um. Uh, um, so if that obviously you are worried about the pain.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Um, not getting any better, uh, then I'd always , advise getting a pregnancy test, to rule out pregnancy. OK? Um, fine. So just moving on, moving on. Are you otherwise fit and well?
Patient: Uh-huh.
Patient: Um, yeah, I think I'm, I'm feeling OK, otherwise, yeah.
Doctor: And so by that I mean, do you have any other medical problems, medical , medical history?
Patient: Um, so, in the past I've had some uh, some IBS. Um.
Patient: But, other than that I think no like uh, real serious medical problems that seem, yeah.
Doctor: OK. Do you take any regular medications?
Patient: Uh, no, I did uh, I did uh, a little bit ago, or a couple of days ago, try some uh, over the counter bicarbonate, to try and help with the pain but it wasn't, it wasn't really helping.
Doctor: OK. So you've tried that and it didn't help? OK, all right. Um, do you have any allergies to any medications?
Patient: Uh, yeah, I'm allergic to, Clindamycin.
Doctor: And what happens when you take Clindamycin?
Patient: Um, I, I get some like a, a, a swelling, basically.
Doctor: Right then, OK. So it's quite a, seems like a quite severe allergy to it, is , is that right? Um, OK. Fine. In terms of your family history, is there anything I should be aware of, um, related to kidneys, bladder, bowels, guts?
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: Uh, no I don't think so, not that I, not anything I know about.
Doctor: OK, all right. And tell me a bit more about your home situation. Who's lives, who's at home with you?
Patient: Um, so I live in a, live in a flat near my college, with a, a couple of like friends of mine. Uh, so I'm, I'm not like living at home or anything. Um.
Doctor: OK, and what .
Patient: about sorry.
Doctor: OK, and are you a, are you working at the moment, or are you a student?
Patient: I'm a student.
Doctor: OK, and what are you studying?
Patient: Uh, I'm studying biology.
Doctor: And how's that going?
Patient: Um, it's good yeah, it's really, it's really interesting uh, learning about, learning about how uh, how the world works, yeah.
Doctor: great. Do you have any aspirations for the future, in terms of careers?
Patient: Uh, I don't know, maybe a doctor someday, you never know.
Doctor: , recommend it, we need doctors. Um, what about smoking and alcohol? Do you drink much in the way of, , do you, do you smoke, or do you drink much in the way of alcohol?
Patient: Uh, I don't, I don't smoke, uh, I do drink, like on the weekends, yeah.
Doctor: , so socially, OK. All right. Um, right, excellent. So, um, at this stage I , I would proceed to examination.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: But um, based on your story, um, just to summarise really. So, last three days, you've been having bit of burning pain on passing urine. A bit of, crampy tummy pain lower down.
Doctor: Um, , essentially but, but no other fevers or back pain, uh, if I, if I understand correctly.
Patient: 
Doctor: I think probably do have what we call a simple UTI or urinary tract infection, bladder infection, um, which can be readily treated. So, I'll give you a course of antibiotics today.
Patient: Mm-hmm.
Patient: OK.
Doctor: Something, called either Nitrofurantoin, or Trimethoprim. Uh, and it's normally a three day course. Uh, so, one tablet, twice a day, for three days.
Patient: OK.
Doctor: And , that should hopefully help your symptoms, but I also advise you to drink plenty of fluids. Let's try and flush that, you know, that infection out of your body, if you can.
Patient: OK.
Doctor: Um, you can try, cranberry juice, that can sometimes help with your symptoms.
Doctor: Um, and if you're still not better, by the end of this week, I want you to give me a call or come back and see me. And uh, we can have another look at your symptoms.
Patient: 
Patient: OK, so three days of the medication, and then wait a little bit, if it still doesn't go away, call back, that OK?
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Yeah, yeah absolutely. And things to look out for would be, you know, if you are having kind of, high temperatures, a back pain, um just , generally feeling more unwell.
Doctor: Uh, you know, I do want you give me a call back, 'cause then we do worry whether your infection may be spreading up towards your kidneys, which is something we wanna avoid. So, do, do give me a call if you're having any concerns, OK.
Patient: OK.
Patient: OK, is there, is there anything like, like, should I be worried about? Like, like, not having sex or anything within the next week, or anything like this?
Doctor: Yeah I mean if you can try and avoid it, I think that'd be sensible. Um, uh, it's great that you're using barrier contraception. I would recommend you to continue using barrier contraception, but if you can avoid it while your symptoms clear up. That'd probably be the best for you and your boyfriend,.
Patient: OK, OK. Uh, that, that makes sense. Ohh, OK, thank you so much.
Doctor: All right.
Doctor: Great.
Doctor: Thank you very much. Wish you all the best.
Patient: Yeah, thank you. Take care.
Doctor: 