Patient: OK. Ohh, OK.
Doctor: Hello?
Patient: Hello, can you hear me?
Doctor: Hello. Uh, just before we go any further, can I confirm your name and, age please?
Patient: Uh, my name's Itha, and I'm twenty six.
Doctor: Twenty six, OK. And how can I help you this afternoon?
Patient: Um, so basically, I've been really stressed at work for the past few days.
Patient: And, I've realised that I've got, really dry itchy skin.
Doctor: OK. Um, sorry to hear work's been so stressful. Um.
Doctor: Tell me more about your skin first, Lou. Tell me uh, you mentioned it's been dry and itchy. Um, whereabouts on your skin?
Patient: All over my arms, um, and my hands mainly.
Doctor: OK. Um, and is this something you've had before?
Patient: Uh, no. Never had .
Doctor: So, uh, did it, did it come about quite suddenly, or was it more, kind of a gradual thing?
Patient: I think it started a few days ago.
Doctor: OK. And, has this spread anywhere else? Has it spread to your, to your chest, your legs, your face?
Patient: 
Doctor: No, OK. So apart from being dry and itchy, um, any other symptoms? Has it been sore? Has it been, uh, have you noticed any cracked skin?
Patient: Um, so my skin's quite red, um, and I'm using coconut butter for the past few days.
Doctor: OK. Has that.
Patient: I don't have any spots, and no fever , and I'm not sweating either.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Thank you, for mentioning all those. Um, OK. Uh, so the coconut butter hasn't helped, with the itch?
Patient: No, .
Doctor: 
Doctor: OK. And, uh, you mentioned work's been quite stressful. What do you do for work?
Patient: Um, I work as a teacher.
Doctor: OK. And, uh, in what way has work been stressful?
Patient: I think the kids have been really annoying these days.
Doctor: OK. .
Patient: And, I've been working really long hours.
Doctor: OK, all right. Well I'm sorry to hear that, and I hope it gets better.
Doctor: Um, going back to your skin. I mean is it anything you've done perhaps, uh, which may have triggered your symptoms? Anything you've touched or, you know, for example shower gels, soaps, fabric , fabric cleaners?
Patient: , I went swimming a few days ago.
Doctor: OK. Is that the first time in your life or have you been before?
Patient: Uh, no, I've been before.
Doctor: OK. And did your symptoms start after you went swimming?
Patient: Uh, yes, .
Doctor: OK, all right. Um, you mentioned you've had no other fevers, is that right? No fevers? No vomiting?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. How's your health otherwise?
Patient: It's pretty good, yeah. I'm not on any medication.
Doctor: And all , we'll get to medication in just a second. Um, , do you, do you feel generally run-down? Do you feel tired?
Patient: Uh, yeah, I think I have been, quite tired.
Doctor: OK, OK. Are you eating and drinking OK?
Patient: Yeah, I've been drinking, and eating as normal.
Doctor: Your appetite's fine is it? OK. And your bowels, are your bowels working OK?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Uh, no, no problems with vomiting, or loose stools?
Patient: No.
Doctor: OK. And your waterworks are uh, all OK? You're passing urine OK?
Patient: Yep.
Doctor: OK, all right. Um, so just moving on. In terms of your other medical history, is there anything else I should be aware of?
Patient: I'm currently taking .
Doctor: Microgynon.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: OK. Do you know what that is?
Patient: Uh, no.
Doctor: OK. , it's a contraceptive pill
Patient: 
Doctor: Does that make sense? Is that something you're, is that, does that ring a bell now?
Patient: Ohh yeah.
Doctor: OK. Is there, any other medications that you take?
Patient: Uh, no.
Doctor: No. So, in terms of your medical history, there's no, problems of skin problems in the past, things like eczema or, um, dermatitis?
Patient: Uh, no, I think it might just be the weather.
Doctor: Sorry what was that? You think it's.
Doctor: The .
Patient: I think it might just be the weather.
Doctor: The weather?
Patient: Yeah, .
Doctor: Ohh, you think the , OK. You think the weather, OK.
Doctor: OK. No that's OK, no, no problems. Well um, uh, move . Do you, do you suffer from allergies? Are you someone who suffers from allergies?
Patient: Um.
Doctor: Food allergies? Medication allergies?
Patient: I think, um, I might be lactose intolerant.
Doctor: Lactose intolerant, OK, that could be helpful to know. Um, fine. And tell me of family history, is there anything in the family that you're aware of?
Patient: Um, yeah, so um, my dad has asthma, and, my mum has hayfever.
Doctor: Hayfever, OK. Um, fine, but any, again, any skin problems that you're aware of?
Patient: Yep.
Patient: Uh, no.
Doctor: No, OK, all right. Socially, who do you live with at home?
Patient: Ohh, it's just me.
Doctor: Live alone?
Patient: Yep.
Doctor: And, uh, do you smoke at all? Do you, can I ask? Do you smoke? Are you a smoker?
Patient: Uh, no, I don't smoke.
Doctor: Do you drink much in the way of alcohol?
Patient: Uh, no.
Doctor: Recreational drugs?
Patient: No.
Doctor: OK. And you said you , you work as a primary school teacher?
Patient: Yes, that's right.
Doctor: Uh , the reason I ask is sometimes stress can be a , contributing factor. Um, you felt, you noticed yourself, find, uh, , life's been more stressful recently. Is that right?
Doctor: Do you think that might have any correlation to your symptoms?
Patient: I don't. I certainly think so.
Doctor: OK, all right. Um, fine. Um.
Doctor: OK, well, normally at this stage I like to proceed to examination, but um, based on your uh, story.
Doctor: Um, it's difficult. I think that, you know, , you've, essentially the story is you've got a dry itchy rash on your, mainly your hands. you mentioned. Um and your arms which started, perhaps after swimming a few days ago.
Doctor: Um, but no other symptoms, you're feeling otherwise, well, no fevers, no bleeding or discharge from skin.
Patient: Yep.
Doctor: I wonder whether you may have something called dermatitis. Um, have you heard of that condition before?
Patient: I have, yeah.
Doctor: OK. Um, great. Well I can give you a patient information leaflet about that, which gives a bit more information about the disease, but, um, it, it's something that we can readily treated. Um.
Doctor: With couple options, we have steroid creams I can give you, um, which will help with the inflammation.
Doctor: And, uh, something called emollients, which can help with the dry, dry skin.
Doctor: And that's something you just need to kind of paste on, uh, on to your skin, uh, , throughout the day for the next few days. Um, and hopefully that helps your symptoms.
Patient: OK, it's cool. Thank you very much.
Doctor: Um, , you can also try antihistamines, so you can get things over the counter, Piriton, Loratadine, they can sometimes help with the itchiness.
Patient: Yeah, that sounds good.
Doctor: OK. And um, that's probably what I recommend. Paracetamol on this occasion, wouldn't be helpful.
Doctor: Um, uh, uh, painkillers wouldn't be helpful , on this occasion, but let's, let's, let's see how the next few days go.
Doctor: And if it's still not getting better, come back and see me next week, and we can have another look again, at your symptoms.
Patient: OK, perfect. Thank you very much.
Doctor: Right. Do you have any questions for me?
Patient: Uh, no.
Doctor: OK. Well, I wish you all the best. Have a good day.
Patient: Well, thank you very much. Bye.
Doctor: Thank you. Bye bye.