Doctor: Hello, hi, I'm Doctor Jacob and welcome to Babylon.
Patient: I have been
Doctor: You're right.
Doctor: So just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your name for me, please?
Patient: Uh, not really.
Patient: My name is Jonathan Irving.
Doctor: And your date of birth?
Patient: Uh, six, twelve, uh, eighty.
Doctor: And your address for me, please.
Patient: Uh, sixty two Lewin Road Streatham SW sixteen six JT.
Doctor: correct, and just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation.
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Yeah. You've mentioned you had some breathing difficulties in the, the notes. How can I help you?
Patient: Yes, about fifteen minutes ago, I was gardening and, um, I was stung by wasp. Um, ran inside.
Doctor: Mm-hmm.
Patient: And now I'm, um, just starting to notice a few things. Yeah, I'm having quite shallow breath.
Doctor: You're having difficulties breathing since then, yeah?
Patient: 
Doctor: OK. So, is there any swelling of your lips, you feel your throat is closing up?
Patient: Not throat, but I can , yeah, I can I can definitely feel something in the lips, yeah.
Doctor: Right, like a tingling kind of feeling?
Patient: Yes, yeah.
Doctor: OK, but no swelling, yeah?
Patient: Alright. I mean, you know, to be honest, I'm just doing this to establish whether I should go to the hospital.
Doctor: OK. Right, OK. Have you had anything like this before?
Patient: Uh, no.
Doctor: No. OK. So, um, do you feel wheezy in your chest, or just tightness?
Patient: Uh, yeah. Um, a bit of tightness. Yeah, a bit of tightness, yeah.
Doctor: Bit of tightness, OK, OK. So, I, unfortunately, I don't have much of your past medical history. Do you have any significant past medical or surgical history you'd like to share?
Patient: Uh, no, not really. Uh, a bit of eczema and I'm allergic to penicillin.
Doctor: OK. Are you on any regular medication at all?
Patient: 
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Righty-ho.
Doctor: Are you having any rash on your body at the moment?
Patient: Yes there's a bit of blotching .
Doctor: OK. Well, have you taken anything at all for the blotching?
Patient: I wouldn't even know what to take then.
Doctor: OK so you've, OK. That's fine. So from what you're saying, you do need to have medical attention straight away. OK? Um, do you have any antihistamines in your house at all?
Patient: Um, yes, I've used them for flying. I have aerosinusitis, so yes, I do
Doctor: So, why, why, and I'm, because your your breathing problem can get worse very quickly, I would like you to call. Is there someone else at home with you?
Patient: Yes, my wife can take me to the emergency room, yeah.
Doctor: Uh, no, I wouldn't want your wife to take you, I would like, I'd like her to call the ambulance because that might take a bit longer, and, you know, we need to deal with it quickly. So, what we are worried about is, you know, in case you develop an anaphylactic reaction.
Patient: 
Patient: OK. She's listening. I'll get her to call now, yeah
Doctor: Yeah so, I'll ask her to give you the, um, antihistamine, in the meantime while the ambulance is coming. And take yourself to hospital.
Doctor: Um, it might just be an articularly reaction, but because you're complaining of breathing difficulties, it is quite important that you go to hospital straight away.
Doctor: But I'd like you to call the ambulance because, you know, so that you will be sorted out quickly.
Patient: OK.
Patient: Yeah. Alright, thank you. She's on it now. Yeah, she's on the phone.
Doctor: 
Doctor: OK. Alright then, you take care.
Patient: Alright, thank you for the advice .
Doctor: 