Patient: Hi.
Doctor: Hi there. It's Doctor Smith from Babylon.
Patient: Hey. How are you?
Doctor: How are you doing? . Good thank you. Can you confirm your name, date of birth, and your, home address please?
Patient: Um, yes I can. Uh, it's, Mary Smith.
Doctor: 
Patient: Um, I'm twenty eight, and I live at apartment four oh five, nine C, Clerkenwell Road.
Doctor: OK that's fine. Are you in a private place so you can have a consultation today?
Patient: Yes I am.
Doctor: What can I do for you?
Patient: Um, I keep having a headache.
Doctor: OK, and when did it start?
Patient: It started yesterday, um.
Patient: Uh, it's unusual for me, to have a headache.
Doctor: OK. Can you just tell me whereabouts in your head it is?
Patient: It's on the left side at the back, sort of here.
Doctor: . OK. Just on the left side.
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: And, when did it start? What time of day did it start yesterday?
Patient: About mid-morning.
Doctor: And how did it feel when it first started?
Patient: Um, just quite, intense, and kinda quite throbbing. It kind of built up gradually after, over.
Patient: A short period of time.
Doctor: OK. And did you get uh, have you got any other symptoms along with that? Any nausea, vomiting, tingling, numbness, weakness, anywhere?
Patient: No, nothing.
Doctor: OK, and, uh. Sorry .
Doctor: Um, any blurred vision, or any pain over your eyes?
Patient: Um.
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any , any funny lights or, anything like that in your vision area? Any problems when you look into the light?
Patient: No, .
Patient: No.
Doctor: Um, and have you been eating and drinking OK?
Patient: Yes, yes, like normal.
Doctor: . Are you feeling sick, or vomiting, or anything?
Patient: No, nothing like that, .
Doctor: Any high fevers? Are you feeling shivery? Sweaty?
Patient: No, no fever, no .
Doctor: Any , any rashes at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And, in the past, have you had any headache before?
Patient: Not really.
Doctor: OK. How bad would you say the headache is from, zero to ten, if ten is the worst pain that you could have, and zero is nothing?
Patient: I'd say about eight.
Doctor: OK. And have you taken any pain killers?
Patient: Um, I took some, um, um, Nurofen, yesterday.
Doctor: OK, and did that make any difference?
Patient: Not really.
Doctor: And last night, did you manage to sleep through the night OK?
Patient: Uh, yes I did.
Doctor: Has it been worse at any particular time of the day?
Patient: No, it hasn't made any difference, the time of the day.
Doctor: Any difference if you lie down, stand up, bend over, cough or sneeze, or anything like that?
Patient: Um, no.
Doctor: And, have you got any other medical problems?
Patient: Um, no I haven't.
Doctor: Anything you take medication for?
Patient: No I don't.
Doctor: Um, any over-the-counter medications or allergies?
Patient: No, only the, Nurofen I took yesterday, Ibuprofen.
Doctor: That's fine. And any stomach problems, or asthma at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Anyone in your family got any medical problems?
Patient: Uh, my mother's had hypertension, and she does get migraines.
Doctor: . And, have you had your blood pressure checked ?
Patient: Um, no, not recently.
Doctor: And who do you live with at home?
Patient: Sorry?
Doctor: Who do you live with at home?
Patient: My partner.
Doctor: And what's your job, day-to-day?
Patient: I'm a designer.
Doctor: Have you had to miss any work at all?
Patient: Uh, no, but I don't feel that, I'm finding it really hard to , to do any of, my work, or, normal things.
Doctor: OK. Um, and do you smoke at all normally?
Patient: No I don't.
Doctor: Do you drink any alcohol regularly?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Um, and any other drugs?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No, OK. Um, I mean the fact that you haven't had headaches before, um, is, is unusual the fact that they've developed. Is there anything you think's changed? Any increased stress, , change in your diet or lifestyle?
Patient: Not that I can, not that I can think of.
Doctor: OK. So, what we would suggest is, trying a slightly stronger, pain relief.
Doctor: Uh, so, similar to Ibuprofen, but taking instead of Ibuprofen not at the same time, and taking that regularly with food.
Patient: OK.
Doctor: Um, hopefully that will settle it down. You can take Paracetamol along with that.
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Try and um, take rest, have lots of good hydration.Um, but if the pain's getting worse, or you get new symptoms, fever, rash, vomiting, neck stiffness.
Doctor: Um, or you keep getting episodes of the same type of thing, then we need to speak to you, and, and make a plan for, for what we can do next.
Patient: OK.
Patient: Thank you.
Doctor: Have you got any other questions?
Patient: How long do you think it will last for?
Doctor: Well I should think it should down, if it's getting worse or not settling in the next day or two.
Doctor: Then certainly give us a call back, if, when you've tried the medication that I've prescribed from the pharmacy.
Patient: 
Patient: OK.
Doctor: OK?
Patient: Thank you.
Doctor: All right then. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Patient: , bye.